what's going on youtube if you wanna be
fuckin shit if you want to gain muscle
or just burn fat see that subscribe
button right here and let's talk about
how to gain lean muscle and just and
just not gain too much fat if you want
to do that it's the same thing as a diet
all you want to do is be in in a caloric
surplus you want to eat more calories
than you burn so when you're cutting you
want to know you want to burn more
calories than you eat but you have to do
the opposite to gain lean muscle so just
eat a little bit more try eating beans
beauty beans you eat sweet potatoes
stuff like that whole wheat bread just
increase your calorie intake but don't
eat too much like don't go crazy don't
go on fucking dirty book and I'll be a
dirty bulking bitch in other words just
eat clean and just need a little bit
more calories like that your body stays
you know building muscle and has
sufficient calories to keep building
muscle but the other thing that's gonna
be the big difference is the way you
train if you if you go to a gym and you
you know you're doing the same weight
every week you're gonna stay in the same
spot you need to give your muscle so no
more intense workout and put some more
weights in it you know work more
intensely like next week if you're doing
tool 547 reps tribal for eight reps keep
pushing it don't stay in the same you
know in the same spot your your muscles
need you know confusion you need to push
you keep pushing it give it a reason why
needs to grow if you just keep on going
to 05 your muscles gonna be the hey we
could take this we can handle it I'm
just gonna stay right here but if you
keep pushing it's gonna be the shit this
guy's he keeps getting stronger and then
the way it's getting heavier every time
we need to grow so you just keep doing
that keep increasing it you don't have
to increase it by five pounds but you
could do it by Reps now you can start
off let's say you're doing 12 5 at seven
next we try to do it at eight next we
try to do with at night and little by
little it adds up and you're going to be
getting stronger and your muscles will
have to get bigger and what extra
calories that's gonna help it you know
that's the energy so I can help your
body build most
so that's just a quick tip for you guys
just remember just eat a little bit more
calories but don't you know don't eat
too much are you going to be a dirty
broken bitch and you don't want that
that's that's how you end up you know
gaining too much pounds over time and
just rest a lean you know like brown
rice cheap potatoes beans a lot of
vegetables stuff like that just see
everything whole grains whole wheat and
that's gonna help you stay lean just hit
that little subscribe button right there
guys and I'll talk to you next time can
be fur forget this is a shout out to
well what are you doing kid you um you
told me to make a video on this